Add support for enabling/disabling kernel keyring in engines (#354)
containers/common: docs/containers.conf.5.md

  `private` Create private IPC Namespace for the container.
  `host`    Share host IPC Namespace with the container.

**keyring**=true

> Indicates whether the container engines create a kernel keyring for use within

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates whether the container engine creates a kernel keyring for use within
```

the container.

**label**=true

> Indicates whether the container engines use MAC(SELinux) container separation via via labeling. Flag is ignored on disabled systems.

Reviewer: old
```suggestion
Indicates whether the container engine uses MAC(SELinux) container separation via labeling. This option is ignored on disabled systems.
```

Reviewer: Should this be "disabled systems" or "label disabled systems" like shown below https://github.com/containers/common/pull/354/files#diff-f38944fdd6507cc37badbde5c66785bdebb77bd6fa2ea0674cd8117f89e95676R155
